32292259/Understanding of guidance for acupuncture and moxibustion interventions on COVID-19 (Second edition) issued by CAAM At present, the situation of global fight against COVID-19 is serious. WHO (World Health Organization)-China Joint Mission fully confirms the success of "China's model" against COVID-19 in the report. In fact, one particular power in "China's model" is acupuncture and moxibustion of traditional Chinese medicine. To better apply "non-pharmaceutic measures":the external technique of traditional Chinese medicine, in the article, the main content of Guidance for acupuncture and moxibustion interventions on COVID-19 (Second edition) issued by China Association of Acupuncture-Moxibution is introduced and the discussion is stressed on the selection of moxibustion device and the duration of its exertion.
33073247/COVID-19 Front Line - Why Focused Lung and Cardiovascular Ultrasound? Graphical abstract
32659830/Addendum zu den S3-Leitlinien Morbus Crohn und Colitis ulcerosa: Betreuung von Patienten mit chronisch entzundlichen Darmerkrankungen in der COVID-19-Pandemie - offene Fragen und Antworten ZusammenfassungDie COVID-19-Pandemie ist ein weltweiter Ausbruch von neu aufgetretenen Infektionen mit dem SARS-CoV-2-Virus, von denen weltweit derzeit mehr als 10.670.000 Menschen erkrankt sind bzw. waren. In Deutschland leiden ca. 450.000 Patienten an einer chronisch entzundlichen Darmerkrankung; diese Patienten benotigen in der Regel eine kontinuierliche und kompetente Betreuung. Vor dem Hintergrund eines rasch zunehmenden Wissenszuwachses haben 68 Experten, die die derzeit gultigen Leitlinien der DGVS zum Morbus Crohn und zur Colitis ulcerosa erstellt haben, im Rahmen einer virtuellen Konferenz aktuelle und praxisnahe Empfehlungen formuliert, um die Versorgung von CED-Patienten zu verbessern. Diese adressieren das Infektionsrisiko einschliesslich des Risikos fur besondere Gruppen, den moglichen Verlauf der Erkrankung und die Konsequenzen fur die medikamentose und die operative Therapie der Grunderkrankung sowie allgemeine Massnahmen zur Infektionspravention und adjuvante Praventions- und Therapiemoglichkeiten.
32878481/SARS-CoV-2 transmission, the ambiguous role of children and considerations for the reopening of schools in the fall
32996588/Blood supply sufficiency and safety management in Iran during the COVID-19 outbreak BackgroundCOVID-19 first appeared in Iran on 19 February 2020, and then spread rapidly over the country. In this article, we review the action plan of the Iranian Blood Transfusion Organization with respect to this disease.Method and materialsWe collected data on blood donations and RBC inventory for the first 8 weeks of the outbreak. We also evaluated the trend of blood donations and RBC inventory and compared them with the data of the past year. We include a summary of actions taken by the National Committee on Management of COVID-19 outbreak.ResultsBlood donations decreased from 33 275 to 23 465 units during the first 2 weeks of the outbreak with a corresponding decrease in the RBC inventory. But after that, donations gradually increased from 23 465 to 29 665 units. RBC inventory levels improved at the same time. Then, the Iranian New Year's holiday resulted in another downward trend. After the holiday, blood donations revived, along with the RBC inventory.DiscussionAlthough it appears that this virus cannot be transmitted through transfusion, changes in lifestyle had a significant impact on reducing blood supply. Following implemented measures, we saw an upward trend in blood donations and an adequate supply of RBC units in blood centres, helped by a reduction in demand by hospitals. Blood centres need to be more prepared to manage future viral disasters, especially in case of transfusion-transmissible infections.
33192850/Child Well-Being in Times of Confinement: The Impact of Dialogic Literary Gatherings Transferred to Homes The COVID-19 pandemic has created an unexpected situation that has forced people to find educational alternatives to support learning and ensure child well-being. The need for practices that "open doors" at home as a way to promote a quality education and to foster an environment of supportive relationships and a sense of community, has led to the in-depth analysis of successful educational actions, particularly the Dialogic Literary Gatherings (DLGs). The aim of this article is to show how the transference of DLGs to the home environment has had an impact on child subjective well-being in times of confinement, promoting a safe and supportive environment for learning, interacting, coexisting and on emotional development at different educational stages, especially for the most vulnerable children. Data collection consisted of a focus group of 10 teachers, 6 semi-structured interviews addressed to families and 6 life stories of students, from 4 primary education centers, 1 high school, and 1 Special Education School. Communicative methodology structured the two-level data analysis, for studying both the elements provided by online DLGs that favor and achieve child well-being, and the elements that may hinder those achievements. The results confirm that DLGs have had a notorious impact on children's and their families' well-being. Considering the findings in the development of educational public policies and the possibility of extending "open doors actions" as an option for future learning environments beyond the confinement situation is contemplated. Future research on how these spaces can have an impact on child well-being in upcoming contexts of the new normal in the education domain will be of interest.
32538353/Being vulnerable Early-career researchers feel discouraged from exposing vulnerability even during a global crisis.
33060874/Stroke Care during the COVID-19 Pandemic; A Global Challenge
32759252/Inferred duration of infectious period of SARS-CoV-2: rapid scoping review and analysis of available evidence for asymptomatic and symptomatic COVID-19 cases ObjectivesOur objective was to review the literature on the inferred duration of the infectious period of COVID-19, caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) virus, and provide an overview of the variation depending on the methodological approach.DesignRapid scoping review. Literature review with fixed search terms, up to 1 April 2020. Central tendency and variation of the parameter estimates for infectious period in (A) asymptomatic and (B) symptomatic cases from (1) virological studies (repeated testing), (2) tracing studies and (3) modelling studies were gathered. Narrative review of viral dynamics.Information sourcesSearch strategies developed and the following searched: PubMed, Google Scholar, MedRxiv and BioRxiv. Additionally, the Health Information Quality Authority (Ireland) viral load synthesis was used, which screened literature from PubMed, Embase, ScienceDirect, NHS evidence, Cochrane, medRxiv and bioRxiv, and HRB open databases.ResultsThere was substantial variation in the estimates, and how infectious period was inferred. One study provided approximate median infectious period for asymptomatic cases of 6.5-9.5 days. Median presymptomatic infectious period across studies varied over <1-4 days. Estimated mean time from symptom onset to two negative RT-PCR tests was 13.4 days (95% CI 10.9 to 15.8) but was shorter when studies included children or less severe cases. Estimated mean duration from symptom onset to hospital discharge or death (potential maximal infectious period) was 18.1 days (95% CI 15.1 to 21.0); time to discharge was on average 4 days shorter than time to death. Viral dynamic data and model infectious parameters were often shorter than repeated diagnostic data.ConclusionsThere are limitations of inferring infectiousness from repeated diagnosis, viral loads and viral replication data alone and also potential patient recall bias relevant to estimating exposure and symptom onset times. Despite this, available data provide a preliminary evidence base to inform models of central tendency for key parameters and variation for exploring parameter space and sensitivity analysis.
32695884/Historicising "containment and delay": COVID-19, the NHS and high-risk patients Despite the first case of the novel coronavirus only being reported to the WHO at the end of December 2019, humanities and social science scholars have been quick to subject local, national and international responses to COVID-19 to critique. Through television and radio, blogs, social media and other outlets, historians in particular have situated the ongoing outbreak in relation to previous epidemics and historicised cultural and political responses. This paper furthers these historical considerations of the current pandemic by examining the way the National Health Service (NHS) and discourses of risk have figured in public and policy responses. It suggests that appeals to protect the NHS are based on longer-term anxieties about the service's capacity to care and endure in the face of growing demand, as well as building on the attachment that has developed as a result of this persistence in the face of existential threats. Similarly, the position of elderly, vulnerable and "at risk" patients relates to complex histories in which their place in social and medical hierarchies have been ambiguous. It thus argues that the ways in which time appears as both a threat and a possibility of management in the current crisis form part of a longer trajectory of political and cultural thinking.
